I greet all lovers of metal search
Now we will talk with you about the technique
prospecting
I want to immediately say that this is real
search engine is the person who is not
violates established rules and laws
existing in the area
so be sure before you
go search make sure
excavate the site
let them make sure you
not looking for cultural monuments
or
which architecture is quite a lot on
Russian territory
search work
is your culture a real search engine
Going to search necessarily
removes all trash
if you find a cork wire unnecessary
piece of iron not to leave it on the field and order
no more digging in and back in the hole
Be sure to purchase a lap belt
bag that you will fold all
unnecessary finds and then these finds you
you can
dispose of this field in it
thus you simplify the lives of those
search engines that will follow you
including you make life easier
yourself if you come back for it
field
repeatedly learn to be originally
cultural search engine necessarily
dig holes behind it
extremely important moment of culture
each search engine
very unpleasant to see when you arrive
on the field lunar landscape
several times I myself got on a ghoul in
such a hole and miraculously did not break his leg
imagine that in this hole can
get there
child animal or even adult
man and hurt your leg or even
hand when falling is simple enough
bury a hole
I think that it is not difficult for
one search engine so pay for
it please your attention
conduct searches conduct them
within the limits of what is permitted
exists
that is, you cannot dig out large
holes in the fields in the forests and so on
limit only
local excavation to extract
found in the item please too
pay attention to it
when you are in the field it is desirable
control the surrounding space
sit around first of all
places where wild can meet
animals have recently become frequent
mad fox attacks
on people and on pets therefore
when you are passionate about search please
look around yourself especially
for those search engines that
use in the headphones I would like to
to express great appreciation to all
search engines that already use these
skills in their work digging holes
clean up trash and promotes
thus propagating normal
search traffic among themselves
search engines and among the local population
who doesn't like it either when people with
detectors are hosted on their land and
leave behind indecent
space that 's what I wanted to say
in the search technology section
works and I wish you a successful excavation
successfully hikes let you get lucky and you
find everything you dream about good luck
will meet